####IMPORTANT INFORMATION

1. THE BOX MODEL

    Padding: transparent area around content, inside of the box 
    Margin: space btn boxes 
    Border: goes around padding and content 
    Fill area: area that gets filled with bckgrnd color/image


    Box-sizing: border-box --> The height and width will be defined for the entire box and not only for the content area.


2. BOX TYPES: Inline , Block-level and Inline-Block

    Block-level boxes (display: block): Elements formatted visually as blocks, 100% of parent's width, vertical one after another

    Inline-block (display: inline-block): A mix of block and inline, occupies only content's space, no line-breaks, box-model applies as showed.

    Inline-boxes (display: inline): Content is distributed in lines, occupies only content's space, no line-breaks, no heights and widths, paddings and margins only horizontal (left and right)


3. POSITIONING SCHEMES: Normal flow, Absoulute positioning, Floats

    Normal flow (position: relative): Default positioning scheme, NOT floated, NOT absolutely positioned, Elements laid out according to source code

    Floats (float: left/right): Element is removed from the normal flow, text and inline elements will wrap around floated element, the container will not adjust its height to the element (solution is to use clearfix ie overflow: auto)

    Absoulute positioning (position: absolute/fixed): Element is removed from the normal flow, no impact on surrounding content or elements, We use top, bottom, left and right to offset the element from its relatively positioned container.

4. STACKING CONTEXTS

    Determine which order elements are laid out on browser eg z-index, opacity, transform, filter


Use caniuse.com to show properties that aren't being compatible only with modern browsers
@support feature queries helps us implement graceful degradation on selected properties on websites ie providing a top notch version to modern browsers and providing an adopted version to browsers that don't support these new features/
bakdrop filter - applies a filter to what's behind an element. Doesn't work on Google Chrome

FLEX BOXES 
Cross axis -> vertical
Main axis -> horizontal

1. PROPERTIES FOR A CONTAINER 
    - flex-drection: row, row-reverse, column, column-reverse
    - flex-wrap: Determines if items shoulf wrap in new line
    - justify-content: How items should align  (MOST IMPORTANT)
    - align-itmes: Similar to justify-content but defines how items should align across the cross axis (MOST IMPORTANT)
    - align-content: Only applies when there is more than one row of flex items along the cross axis

2. PROPERTIES FOR AN ITEM
    - align-item: Similar to align-items but only for one item
    - order: Defines the order for how the flex item should appear in the container
    - flex-grow: Define how much an item can grow
    - flex-shrinK: Defines how much an item should shrinK
    - flex-basis: Define its base width

        Can be combined to one attribute: flex: 0 1 auto;